time for the ultimate killers test how
would the Piranha react to my duck so we
have our oven ready here and Gibbs
meditation is if the animal is in
distress yep and then make some
movements and release some blood from it
okay got to make it look as if this
animals struggling to break free of the
surface and maybe it's had a broken wing
that's bleeding we knew there were there
but they're very wary first a small
Scout darts in to take a bite and checks
how the prey reacts if it gets a violent
reaction they all back up but if not
then the whole pack piles in
[Applause]
just a few minutes later time for me to
get to grips with one carefully picking
up piranhas is like handling a cocked
and loaded gun with a hair-trigger let's
have a look at the teeth we can see just
how powerful those jaws are they are
incredible aren't they cut straight
through flesh let's get some idea of how
much it bites if I put the baby's mouth
oh my god that's incredible that's that
sound is just all my gang bang they will
actually cut through method Johnny
doesn't give up busy no he doesn't his
eyes will be watching you all the time
very very a lot yeah
right well I think he's getting a bit
frustrated so I'll put him back in the
water with this thousands of friends and
hope his memories not so good
[Music]
you